RDoc-2590 Cloud: Cloud -> Pricing, Payment and Billing tab - add PayNow feature (#1857)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.2/Raven.Documentation.Pages/cloud/cloud-pricing-payment-billing.markdown

---

####Charging failures  
If we fail to charge your account using the payment method you provided, we'll notify
you and retry for 7 days. Failure to pay after that period may result in account closure.
Here's an example of the notification sent to the owner and all cloud account managers:

![Email](images/known-payment-failure-email.png)

---

####Pay Now 

The `Pay Now` button becomes visible on your Billing tab dashboard once there are any unpaid costs from previous billing cycle(s).
If you have resolved the issue associated with the charge failure (e.g., updated payment information), you can manually initiate the payment by clicking the `Pay Now` button.

> Upon clicking the `Pay Now` button, the system will process the payment for all outstanding amounts up to the end of the previous billing cycle.

Reviewer: In addition please add a note that this button (PayNow) is not visible in the billing day (27th day of a month)

Reviewer: It should be wrapped into {INFO} or {DANGER / WARN} section.

![PayNow1](images/pay-now-1.png)
![PayNow2](images/pay-now-2.png)

####Billing Cycle and Date Range 

> The `Pay Now` feature covers all unpaid costs up to the end of the previous billing cycle.

Reviewer 2: Isn't it for all previous billing cycles?

Author: It is, it covers all unpaid costs up to the end of the previous cycle. Right under this line, there's also an example that shows how it works.

---

####Charging failures  

> If we fail to charge your account using the payment method you provided, we'll notify

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If we fail to charge your account using the payment method on record, we'll notify
```

---

####Charging failures  
If we fail to charge your account using the payment method you provided, we'll notify
you and retry for 5 days. Failure to pay after that period may result in account closure.
Here's an example of the notification sent to the owner and all cloud account managers:

![Email](images/known-payment-failure-email.png)

---

####Pay Now 

The `Pay Now` button becomes visible on your Billing tab dashboard once there are any unpaid costs from previous billing cycle(s).

{INFO: }
There is one exception to this rule, on billing day (27th of the month) `Pay Now` functionality is disabled, so the button won't be visible.
{INFO/}

If you have resolved the issue associated with the charge failure (e.g., updated payment information), you can manually initiate the payment by clicking the `Pay Now` button.

> Upon clicking the `Pay Now` button, the system will process the payment for all outstanding amounts up to the end of the previous billing cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon clicking the `Pay Now` button, the system will process the payment for all outstanding amounts up to the end of the previous billing cycle. If the payment process fails, you will be notified again by email.
```

![PayNow1](images/pay-now-1.png)
![PayNow2](images/pay-now-2.png)

####Billing Cycle and Date Range 

The `Pay Now` feature covers all unpaid costs up to the end of the previous billing cycle.
It does not cover costs incurred in the current billing cycle.

{NOTE: }
####Example
If you have unpaid costs from 13/12/2023 and today is 01/03/2024, using the `Pay Now` feature will bill you for the period from **13/12/2023** up to **27/02/2024**.
{NOTE/}

####Notifications

  If the payment fails, you will receive an email notification with the details and possible reasons for the failure.

{INFO: }

> Using `Pay Now` button is only available for use once every hour.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using `Pay Now` button is only available for use once every hour.

```

I would not mention that
